present-schedule.md, before:

# Presentation Schedule

## 11:00 - 11:50 Session

| Time      | Group           |
| --------- | --------------- |
| **11:00** | The-Master-Boys |
| **11:10** | group07         |
| **11:20** | B-Gjengen       |
| **11:30** | eialsi          |
| **11:40** | haaaakon        |
| **11:50** | **Break**       |

## 12:00 - 12:50 Session

| Time      | Group       |
| --------- | ----------- |
| **12:00** | Clueless    |
| **12:10** | Group16     |
| **12:20** | HeinsAngels |
| **12:30** | Henfaz      |
| **12:40** | Joyem       |
| **12:50** | **Break**   |

## 13:00 - 13:50 Session

| Time      | Group     |
| --------- | --------- |
| **13:00** | GroupX    |
| **13:10** | KaSo      |
| **13:20** | lab2050   |
| **13:30** | MKM       |
| **13:40** | Nimbus    |
| **13:50** | **Break** |

## 14:00 - 14:50 Session

| Time      | Group       |
| --------- | ----------- |
| **14:00** | OliverJaran |
| **14:10** | OsloM       |
| **14:20** | PreSa       |
| **14:30** | RobbNese    |
| **14:40** | Visund      |
| **14:50** | **Break**   |

## 15:00 - 15:50 Session

| Time      | Group            |
| --------- | ---------------- |
| **15:00** | Group27          |
| **15:10** | ZOUARI-VIALLETON |

Commit message:

added room number and more instructions

present-schedule.md, after:

# Presentation Schedule

The presentation will take place in room S-115 in Kitty Kjellands hus (KK).
The room is downstairs below the campus book store.

Please arrive 10 minutes before your session starts so that we can load the presentation files onto a single computer, to reduce switching time.
We can show PowerPoint or PDF on the computer in the room; if your presenting with Keynote on macOS, please let us know before the session so that we can organize switching with the least amount of friction.

## 11:00 - 11:50 Session

| Time      | Group           |
| --------- | --------------- |
| **11:00** | The-Master-Boys |
| **11:10** | group07         |
| **11:20** | B-Gjengen       |
| **11:30** | eialsi          |
| **11:40** | haaaakon        |
| **11:50** | **Break**       |

## 12:00 - 12:50 Session

| Time      | Group       |
| --------- | ----------- |
| **12:00** | Clueless    |
| **12:10** | Group16     |
| **12:20** | HeinsAngels |
| **12:30** | Henfaz      |
| **12:40** | Joyem       |
| **12:50** | **Break**   |

## 13:00 - 13:50 Session

| Time      | Group     |
| --------- | --------- |
| **13:00** | GroupX    |
| **13:10** | KaSo      |
| **13:20** | lab2050   |
| **13:30** | MKM       |
| **13:40** | Nimbus    |
| **13:50** | **Break** |

## 14:00 - 14:50 Session

| Time      | Group       |
| --------- | ----------- |
| **14:00** | OliverJaran |
| **14:10** | OsloM       |
| **14:20** | PreSa       |
| **14:30** | RobbNese    |
| **14:40** | Visund      |
| **14:50** | **Break**   |

## 15:00 - 15:50 Session

| Time      | Group            |
| --------- | ---------------- |
| **15:00** | Group27          |
| **15:10** | ZOUARI-VIALLETON |
